Thank you Benton and Wynn. The gentleman over here taking the video taping is Mr. Dan Squire.
I thought maybe if you're wondering who he is.
We will now have from the Red Dragon brand their number.
While they are gathering, I want to know if there are any special visitors today.
Is there anybody here from just over here from Wales?
I understand that there was going to be a Tricia Naylor who was an exchange teacher coming.
Is she here?
Will you please stand up? Welcome.
Applause
And then a gentleman called me by the name of Phil Davies from Ames, Iowa.
Is he here?
Oh, welcome. We're glad to have you come.
Applause
Now is there anybody else from out of state?
Well, we welcome you people from one from Iowa and the other from Wales.
I hope you enjoy.
We have name tags on trying to help people find someone who may have come from the same part of Wales that you came from.
So we hope that you will go around looking at people.
And finding out where they come from. Are you ready?